never get tired of looking at the old
video of the rim being destroyed by
Shaquille O'Neal how many times you do
that probably like 10 or 12 Joe
Underhill our underdog RRA stat man
points out that in the last 15 years in
the NBA only the only true center is
used to score to average in the top 5 in
scoring in the last 15 years you're not
counting to marry Stoudemire not
counting Tim Duncan but in the last 15
years
only you Shaq in the top five where have
all the the dominant big men going you
can either say they have evolved or you
can say they fell off a lot of different
experts will say different things me I
was a power player when I was playing in
Phoenix on I used to tell Steve Kerr was
the general manager
I wasn't born with the gifts you were
born with I don't have the ability to
step aside and shoot the jumper but you
know if you're a fan of the game I guess
you could appreciate a guy that suppose
a play center like a Dirk Nowitzki but
you see him step out shot and shoot the
three dropped it all create for steaming
so you know again either they fell off
or they evolved I mean so much in sports
is cyclical in nature that you know
you'll it'll come around again are we
gonna see a time again where every team
has a has a big manner tries to have a
dominant big man in there in the middle
see what you make if it's because of
defensive presence but I think the game
is so quick and so fast now you know one
thing about Shaq that was underestimated
was that he was just as quick as a guard
he wasn't fast or but I mean when you
have the ball here and you wanted
we move a spin baseline or something you
can shake someone to go the other way
for me that came in the NBA they wanted
me to play center I weighed 245 pounds
and I'm 5 inches shorter than going 3
inches shorter than most centers in for
me
checking the guy like a shark or
checking a big dude and playing the
center position
I felt I might have a chance offensively
because I can use quickness and things
like that before the game wearing down
banging now me going to help and I'm the
biggest guy now God has to rotate to him
I think that one you have to be really
big and good and so you know you look at
me in being a simmer the white Howard
that are big guys I don't know if you'll
ever see you know that type of presence
and the style of play has changed too I
think I don't think the big man has
disappeared over Vanquish I just think
that there's very few guys who love that
big you know it's a bunch of players who
are 610 in that range but they're very
few guys all the guys you've mentioned
is great sinners they're like seven feet
tall I don't know why what it is there's
very few players as big as Shaquille is
the biggest Robert Parrish Kareem and
those type guys I mean that's just not
that many big guys in the NBA when I was
top of that there's there's very few
that are that big and really athletic
it's skilled you know Shaq was one
obviously but you know you look at all
those those guys that we saw in the
highlights there there have been very
few big great big men in the history of
the NBA there's always sort of like
three or four even even back in the 70s
it wasn't like there were 10 or 15 great
big men now when you're 6th grade and
you're 6 foot 2 you know they don't put
you in the post when you were in in when
you were younger growing up Shaq there
was no question that he was going to
play in the post Dwight Howard is
probably probably someone who throws
back into that time where they learning
how to play with your back to the basket
but Kevin Garnett as Shaq said Dirk
Nowitzki these guys were taught to play
with facing the basket so it's really
about scoring areas you dominating a
game but from different position Dirk
Nowitzki dominates the game he's a
dominant player but now instead of
dominated dominating it from
a certain area of the floor that are
traditionally a big guy 7 foot area
he takes guys into a space that they're
not comfortable being with and that made
his success Cup that made Chris Webber
success come because he took guys in the
areas of the floor that they weren't
accustomed of being and all of a sudden
they